Briefly introduce yourself and your community:
I am Suchismita Rout , a Second-year undergraduate student of the Department of Computer Science enrolled in Bachelor of Technology course at Gandhi Institute For Technology (GIFT), Bhubaneswar.

I have knowledge of programming languages. My specialties include quickly learning new skills and programming languages, problem-solving, full stack development, and developing highly optimized and user-friendly web applications. 
I know JavaScript, C++, C, Python, Git/GitHub, Web Development, and web3, also I have a good grasp of the concepts of design and analysis of algorithms and data structures.

In the Institute, I am a Campus leader at Web3Bharat. My tenure in Web3Bharat as a Campus lead has helped me time management, and leadership skills along with the ability to work under pressure which I feel is absolutely essential for professional life. 

I am also part of different communities in my college and locals such as google developer student club, Women take makers. where I am working in different role and with my ability i am contributing to organizing different events and helping students to enhance their skills also.
thank you.
----------
Why do you want to become a GitHub Campus Expert?
I want to become the git hub campus expert because I am using the service from last 2 years and This actually helped me to showy projects out there and one of its major features is it provides free hosting for the websites we build and it also making projects in a group easier. As I am aware of the facilities that git hub provides as a campus expert I will create awareness among my friends, juniors and Communities in our college.
also, i want to interact with others students (juniors or seniors) and help each other by sharing their skills and providing them additional support and resource to increase their existing skill set
----------
How will the Campus Experts program enable you to support your local community better?
First of all, i am belongs to a Tier3 college, so here,  their is no awareness about open-source program and development among the students. 
so, I want to build up open-source developer community in my college and spread awareness towards open-source program.
My aim is to approach every students and let them know how open source is contributing and beneficial for their career.
I strongly believe that to create high impact open-source projects with the intrest of our area and collaboration of my local community.
Also, GitHub campus Expert program will help me to enhance my skills and leadership qualities.
 
